right at this point I'll be happy
with a crappie
oh that was so awesome
dude did you see it did you see Mike
almost catch that fish was that awesome
who's in the weeds large II got a large
e coming in large you coming in on the
spinner bait can you miss the largemouth
nice little larger
well he wasn't going nowhere yeah I
might get the GoPro
did I call that one or one well you're
right over the top where I was catching
them where I was catch you know any mug
with the GoPro oh mighty opening Michael
Wacha's my yank one out of here weeds
first fish in the boat that's breakfast
bitch
there must be crappie all in one
another large you coming in
dude there's no one in the plant
oh man I wish I had my poll wish I had
my underwater poll
well Mike if you were I don't know I'd
say a quarter a quarter of the fishermen
than I am you two you two could possibly
land yourself a largemouth bass can you
say that oh my god that guy how does
that happen
I'm talking I'm talking to not Mike put
on the GoPro telling you you put on the
GoPro you catch a fish yeah
come on man show the world of YouTube
what you can do so right straight in
front of this boat is approximately
where I rendered myself unconscious ice
fishing last winter running for a
tip-off and my good buddy Mike here I'm
laying on the ice unconscious he runs
past me catches a 13 inch freakin
northern and then checks on me to make
sure I'm right there what a guy he says
he's my friend but I just don't I don't
believe it circuit win for the
championship of the year on Lake
Winnebago brought my buddy Cory yell to
do a little bass fishing over on twin
Lake and Green Lake County just running
a swim jig up around the lily pads and
even though it's fall they're still up
in some shallow water catching a couple
of nice fish this is my first one Cory's
still kicking my butt for the day but
good love it